DBZ-9466 - Readonly documentation (#6734)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/connectors/oracle.adoc

Because the connector uses this downstream mining instance to capture changes, changes must be replicated from the primary to the downstream instance before {prodname} can emit change events.
`log.mining.path.dictionary`:: Specifies the absolute file path on the downstream mining database server where Oracle LogMiner can access the data dictionary file that is exported from the primary Oracle instance.
The LogMiner process on the downstream database must have access to the specified path.

==== How this works

When {prodname} Oracle connector is configured to capture changes from a downstream mining database, the connector operates as follows:

1. The primary Oracle instance generates an external dictionary file containing the database schema and metadata information.
2. This dictionary file is made available to the downstream mining database at the specified path.
3. The connector connects to the downstream mining database and uses LogMiner with the external dictionary file to read transaction logs.
4. Changes are captured from the downstream mining database without impacting the primary database performance.

==== Important considerations

> 1. The dictionary file must be regularly updated on the primary instance to ensure schema changes are properly reflected.
> 2. Ensure that network and file access settings permit the downstream mining database to access the dictionary file and redo logs on the primary database.
> 3. Monitor the dictionary file synchronization to prevent issues with schema change detection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ensure that network and file access settings permit the mining database to access the dictionary file and redo logs on the primary database.
* Keep the dictionary file on the primary instance updated to ensure that it properly reflects schema changes. 
* To prevent issues with schema change detection, keep the dictionary file on the mining database synchronized with the file on the primary.
```
WRT the synchronization item, I'm assuming the intent is to maintain equivalent states in the primary and downstream versions of the dictionary.

This file is essential for LogMiner to interpret schema changes and other database metadata.
The specified path must be accessible from the Oracle downstream mining LogMiner process to work.

==== How this works

When {prodname} Oracle connector is configured to capture changes from a downstream mining database, the connector operates as follows:

1. The primary Oracle instance generates an external dictionary file containing the database schema and metadata information.
2. This dictionary file is made available to the downstream mining database at the specified path.
3. The connector connects to the downstream mining database and uses LogMiner with the external dictionary file to read transaction logs.
4. Changes are captured from the downstream mining database without impacting the primary database performance.

==== Important considerations

1. The dictionary file must be regularly updated on the primary instance to ensure schema changes are properly reflected.
2. Network connectivity and file access permissions must be properly configured between the primary and downstream mining databases.

> 3. The `dictionary_from_file` strategy is mandatory when using downstream mining mode; other mining strategies are not supported.

Reviewer 2: Unlikely, I'll remove it.

`hybrid`:: Uses a combination of the database's current data dictionary and the {prodname} in-memory schema model to resolve table and column names seamlessly.
This mode performs at the level of the `online_catalog` LogMiner strategy with the schema tracking resilience of the `redo_log_catalog` strategy while not incurring the overhead of archive log generation and performance costs of the `redo_log_catalog` strategy.

> `dictionary_from_file`:: Uses dictionary from file located in a Oracle directory object. Use this option if you set the log.mining.read.only to true and informed a log.mining.readonly.hostname.

Reviewer 2: I believe we're also missing the `log.mining.path.dictionary` configuration property, and I suspect where you mention "from file located in a Oracle directory object" should likely refer to the path configured in the aforementioned property. We do this using xrefs in a few other properties, follow those as guides.

I would also suggest two other changes

1. Add a section under the "Log Mining Strategies" that outlines the `dictionary_from_file` option. 
2. Add a new section under "How the connector works" that outlines how one would setup capturing changes from a read-only standby using the `dictionary_from_file` strategy.

What do you think?
